Just a couple more pieces
oughta do it!
Ahh. C'est magnifique.
Hey, Tilly, have you
seen my slingshot?
Whoa! Tilly,
what the heck is that?!
‐[hair dryer whirring]
‐This, dear brother,
is "Potato Papa!"
It's my gift to Papa
for Father's Day.
Father's Day?
Oh, dang, that's today?
I totally forgot.
[stretches] Well,
guess it's time to whip up
the ol' Cricket standard!
Oh, Cricket, no.
Please don't tell me‐‐
[muttering]
And now,
with nothing but a pen
and these gently used napkins,
in less than 15 seconds,
I will have the perfect...
Dad present.
Voila! Cricket Coupons!
Let's do the standard
one free hug,
20% less whining for an hour,
aaand...
Aw, what the heck,
Dad never cashes these in, so...
I will paint
the whole house.
Cricket! Those coupons
are not a real gift!
While I'm
normally not inclined
to toot my own horn‐‐
‐[snickers]
‐I am an expert
on giving great gifts.
A real gift shows someone
how much they mean to you.
That's why every Tilly gift
takes time and effort.
And it's also why Papa
always loves 'em!
Aw, Tilly, Dad loves your gifts
'cause he loves every gift!
Even the ones that take
ten seconds to make!
Well, there's no way
you're gettin' away
with that again this year.
After all, you're not
as young and adorable
as you used to be.
I beg to... differ!
Tilly, trust me,
you're working too hard.
Dad's gonna react
just the same way to my gift
as he does to yours.
Oh, brother,
you could not be more wrong.
Could you wrap
these up for me?
[documentary narrator]
After a long day
of lying in the sun,
the iguana finally decides
to make its rest.
But what's this?
Ah, it's a cute little spider!
Sp‐sp‐spider!
Oh! My goodness,
it's quite upsetting up close.
Aah! [panting]
Okay, Bill, say the poem.
One two three,
spiders don't scare me.
Four five farden,
they're good for your garden.
Get ready for the best
Father's Day ever, Billy Boy.
'Cause this year,
your Ma's gettin' you...
a card!
Nothin' too fancy though.
‐Happy Father's Day!
[chuckles] Oh wow! No way!
Ha ha! What?!
‐You're welcome.
‐This one's from me!
Aw, would ya look at that.
Wow! It's, uh, me!
[chuckles]
I do make that face a lot!
Tilly, I love it.
Thank you.
That must mean
this one's from Cricket.
That's right!
Hope you like it.
[thinking] Come on, Papa,
see that gift
for what it really is:
a buncha dirty old napkins
thoughtlessly covered
in empty promises.
Here it comes.
Cricket, I... love them.
Thanks, you two!
You kids are the best!
Aw, you too, big guy.
Also, this does count
as your free hug.
You guys sit tight.
I'm gonna find
a good place to put these.
Okay, Dad, buh‐bye!
Well, Tilly,
let's hear it!
That classic radio hit
"You were right, Cricket."
What are you
thinking about?
‐I see what's going on here.
‐Hm?
Cricket, Papa was lying
to you about liking your gift!
Ha ha! What're you
talking about?
Dad is the most honest guy
we know!
No, Cricket.
I know Papa is lying
about liking those coupons.
And I know
how we can prove it.
All right, sister,
I'm in.
Let's prove once and for all
that Cricket is brilliant!
‐Pssh! We shall see.
‐We shall see!
‐Yes, we shall.
‐We shaaaall.
[humming]
‐[Cricket and Tilly] Ahem!
‐Hmm?
Oh, hiya, kids!
Is this for me?
‐Yes.
Huh. Fun!
Well, mm‐hmm,
beautifully wrapped kids.
Oh! Uhh...
It's a sweater.
[harsher] It's a sweater.
We made it, Papa.
Yeah, it's
two kitchen towels,
a pair of sweat bands
and some striiiing.
[sniffing]
We did not wash
the kitchen towels.
Hm.
[Tilly] And how do you
feel about this gift?
Well... I love it.
Thank you, kids.
[kisses]
[humming]
Hm! [groaning]
Tilly wins!
I made Papa
a terrible gift,
and he lied
about liking it,
just like he lied
about your Cricket Coupons.
He was just being nice
to you, brother.
Mm, I dunno. Dad's still
wearing that thing.
Maybe you're just really good
at making stuff for him!
Hmm, you might be right.
Curse my natural talents!
We need to step it up.
I know a present
that Papa could never love.
‐Oh, no, not...
‐Yes!
We can't do that to Dad.
He birthed us!
We have to, Cricket.
I have to prove that I'm
the greatest gift giver
the Greens have ever seen!
Okay.
[Gramma mumbling]
I can't believe this!
Blech!
[muttering]
What's this one? Hmm...
"Happy Father's Day
to a loving..."
Blech!
[grunts]
Where are your cards
that don't stink?!
[frightened gasps]
Ha! Okay.
Good, good.
‐[Card playing "Barry‐cuda"]
‐Nooo!
[grunting]
One potato, two potato,
three potato, good enough!
Uh... ma'am?
You have to pay for that.
Oof!
[Bill humming]
[Cricket and Tilly] Ah‐ha‐hem!
Hi, kids!
Another present?
‐Yes.
You. Kids. Are... super!
Three gifts?
This truly is a Father's Day.
Now let's see
what this one is.
[blood curdling scream]
[bleating]
Sp‐spi‐‐ Spid‐‐
Spiders. You're deathly
afraid of them,
but isn't the opportunity
to overcome your fears
an excellent present?
What I'm really asking is,
Papa, what do you think
of this heartfelt gift
from your loving children?
Thank you, I love it.
‐Honest?
‐Yeah.
Well, if you love them
so much...
[whispering] I‐I‐I do.
Then kiss one of them.
[whimpering]
[kissing sounds]
Nooo! I hate it!
I hate it! I hate it!
I hate it!
I knew it! Papa,
you lie about bad presents!
I don't know
what to say, kids.
You're right,
I wasn't truthful.
I'm sorry.
Can you ever forgive me?
Foggettaboutit!
I knew everything.
I just needed to prove it
to my baby brother here.
Yeah, that's why
we've been givin' you
all this weird stuff.
Yeah, it was a test.
A test?
Ha ha, wow,
you two banana nuts!
That explains it!
These terrible gifts!
The spiders.
‐Mm‐hmm.
‐This sweater.
Mm‐hmm.
That weird popsicle
stick thingy.
Mm‐h‐‐ Weird
popsicle stick thingy?
Wuh? [gasp] Hmm!
You guys got me good!
I mean, look at this guy!
[chuckles] Weird.
[dizzy moaning]
Yes... weird.
Well, this
has been a really fun
and interesting
Father's Day.
C'mere you!
[woozy muttering]
I'm tired,
so I am going to bed.
Okay, sleep tight!
Ha! She's a good kid.
[Cricket] ♪ Cricket is
smarter than Tilly, oh! ♪
♪ Cricket
is smarter than Tilly! ♪
♪ Da‐da ba‐da
ba‐da ba‐da ♪
♪ Oh, Cricket
was right about Dad ♪
Oh! Tilly,
what happened to you?
Oh, hi, Cricket,
yeah, I'm in mourning.
In mourning for Tilly.
Did you color your dress
with a black marker?
Cricket, you've been
right all along.
Nice.
It doesn't matter
how much I try.
I'm the worst gift giver
in the world.
I'm awful!
[uncomfortable]
Oh. Uh, no. Heyyy...
Hey, come on now...
kiddo.
And Papa's been lying to me
for years about it!
The turkey jerky necktie,
the jug mug,
the boot vase,
the boot vahze,
the jellybean frog,
the corncob reading glasses.
And every time,
every single time, it's...
"I love it."
Lies! All lies!
And all the terrible gifts
I've ever made
are still out there.
[gasps]
Cricket, this cannot stand!
I must right this wrong!
Sounds like she's gonna
be juust fine!
[grunting]
Tilly theft.
[narrator] There's not
enough gazelle to go around,
but like any good family,
the hyenas
have learned to share.
[shuddering]
Made it! Go Gramma.
Guess I should see
which card I grabbed.
"With deepest sympathy.
So sorry for your loss."
Eh. I can work with that.
Now, that
is how you build a dam.
Quit talking to yourself!
Here's a thing.
Hm. Huh! That's certainly me!
Oh, very abstract!
"Dear son, you're a good Dad.
I'm proud of you."
Aw, Ma,
you're the sweetest!
‐Come here!
‐[crunch]
Oh, no!
Did I hug too hard?!
Don't insult me, boy.
This body is cut!
I believe the disturbance
came from outside.
Hmm.
[gasp] Tilly!
What the heck
are you doing?
I'm sorry, Papa.
I should have done this
a while ago.
‐[Tilly grunts]
‐[jug shatters]
But sadly, I was oblivious
to the crumminess of my gifts.
Wait, wait, wait, waaiit!
Wait! Oof!
[gasp] Sorry about that!
Oof. Ahh...
Heh heh, barely felt it!
[groans]
Sweetie,
your gifts aren't crummy.
I really do
like your presents.
I don't
always understand 'em,
but I do like 'em.
But why should I try
to make something special
if you like 'em just the same
as Cricket Coupons?
Gift giving
isn't a competition.
We give gifts so we can
share a bit of ourselves.
For you, that means sharing
something thoughtful,
sweet, and original.
Because that's who you are.
Also, I like that your gifts
often have an excellent use
of craft materials.
Mmm. Can you keep making me
Tilly gifts? Please?
‐Okay.
‐Yes!
You know, all this talk of
Cricket's Coupons reminded me.
I've been holding
onto these for years.
What say we cash some in?
Papa, I would love
nothing more.
[laughing]
Uh‐oh.
♪ I've got sweat in my eyes ♪
♪ Lost a bet and got
bit by 100 flies ♪
♪ I fell out a big ol' tree ♪
♪ Hit every branch and
scraped up both my knees ♪
♪ I got chased by a dog ♪
♪ Licked by a frog ♪
♪ Got a rash on my legs ♪
♪ Dropped a dozen eggs ♪
♪ I got splinters
in seven and ten ♪
♪ And tomorrow
I'll do it all again ♪♪